brothers and sisters what you're looking
at right now is a camel that has dropped
dead it dropped dead due to thirst
this came was from a region called
cholestan in pakistan it's a desert
that's been struck by a drought it's
excessively hot right now and the water
has not come and the animals are
dropping like this all over what you
have to understand about this place that
it is a community that lives off the
cattle they live off the animals when
the animals start dying know that the
humans are going to start dying next the
way these animals are dropping on the
streets out of thirst they're dropping
dead humans will start dropping dead
like this very very shortly if they do
not get the aid and the help with the
permission of allah we're currently
raising funds on behalf of humanity care
relief to set up filteration plants so
that this community can get water for
their animals and for themselves to
drink from and to do tahara from
these children here mentioned this
animal died of thirst because it had no
decent water to drink please i asked you
to donate as generously as you can for
allah say the link below so we can make
a change for these people's lives in the
long term and i ask you to do this
quickly before you watch the video just
pause make that donation and then carry
on watching inshallah
everybody here i think is either
i think most brothers
are single
it's like five out of the
how many hundreds who came is 100 maybe
more
my dear respective brothers and sisters
as you guys are aware
today we want to cover inshaallah ta'ala
seven
principles
marriage
these are principles that
can be benefited from by those who are
single
and also those who are merit
a brother
and a sister
are making dua throughout the whole year
allah
grant me a spouse
that is going to help me fulfill the
other half of my religion right
constantly begging allah
asking him to
better
the situation that we are in
however
how is it that we actually react
the moment we are given
that which we have been crying out for
throughout this time
the first principle brothers and sisters
is
your relationship with allah subhanahu
wa ta'ala
can go a very very long way
in what happens in your marriage
i'm sure most of us have come across
a triangle
not the free masonic sign
on the freemason sign
the triangle
that has what
three corners
who would we normally find at the top
who do we have on the other two corners
the husband and the wife
whenever they do something that is
pleasing to allah subhanahu wa ta'ala
they gain closeness to him
right
and you see the husband and the wife
getting close to results i
do you guys agree with that
just imagine this triangle right got the
husband and the wife here
the more
they do acts of worship acts of
righteousness
acts of good
they what get closer to allah and they
themselves are getting closer as well
and when they are disobedient
individuals
who don't do what they should be doing
what happens
they become more and more distant
and even
between themselves they become more
distant
ladies
isn't that so
a spiritual sickness in his cure
and by the way brothers and sisters this
book i'm an advocate for it it changed
my life
right
and it changed the way i look at
people's problems
it really really did
he quotes the self of the past
and when we
i disobey allah subhanahu wa ta'ala
and then all of a sudden i begin to see
a change of attitude in my
wife and also my riding beast
you leave the house
everything seems to be perfectly fine
take a visit
huh
a local corn shop and there is an
attractive
shopkeeper there
and you start engaging with her more
than you should
you come back home
first thing that you see is the back of
the head
first thing that you see the moment you
walk into the house
is the back
of a head
and you're asking yourself why is she
behaving like that
might be a good idea in times like this
to really just hold yourself to account
and this is why
one of the key words that we are going
to be walking away with today is
being
self-critical
this is
the type of mindset that we need to have
brothers and sisters
not just when things start going wrong
in our marriages
generally speaking as muslims
when something goes wrong in our lives
what is the kind of reaction and
attitude that we should have
because the way we are as human beings
right
we are ready to point the finger at
everyone except ourselves agreed
whenever something goes wrong
right we're even looking at making
things up just so we can what remove the
blame from ourselves
we
are in denial
don't ever forget this brothers and
sisters
and then all of a sudden i begin to see
a change of attitude in my wife and also
in my writing beast
i will surely inshallah ta'ala give you
guys some examples
of the self of the righteous of the past
in how
they were self-critical of themselves
the moment things started going downhill
oh and things now took
a turn for the west
but before i do that brothers and
sisters
as i mentioned right at the beginning
you're begging allah subhanahu wa ta'ala
throughout the years
prior to your marriage ya allah
grant me a righteous spouse
make things easy for me
i've been waiting waiting ya allah i'm
scared of the fitna
and then princess charming comes along
right
then comes the big day
to him
in the
after he showed you what you really love
you know when this verse came down
brothers and sisters
in the battle of it
messenger
50 of his companions
on the jebel called jebel rumah
your brothers may have seen
some duat
brothers give da'wah giving a reminder
on this mountain we all have
right
my solarium placed 50 of his companions
on this mountain
and he told them no matter what happens
even if you see
birds snatching off
the fighters from off of the ground then
don't come off
he plays abdullah in jubair in charge
and
masha'allah muslims they were defeating
the kuffar and they started what running
away
muslims were running behind them
those on the mountain
began to say to themselves
some of the companions were on that
small mountain they said didn't the
messenger sallallahu alaihi wasallam say
don't come off the mountain
they were like no halas is done so they
started running off
noticed this he came behind them
and then the muslims
were attacked from behind
and this incident my beloved brothers
and sisters
led to the messenger sallallahu alaihi
wassam's helmet being smashed
his teeth being crushed and his face
being gashed
because of what
an instruction not being followed it led
to defeat
one of the verses that came down was
you disobeyed allah after he showed you
what you really wanted
what you really loved
why am i speaking about the battle of
brothers and sisters in a marriage
lecture
one time use this verse
in terms of
or in relation to
a sister
who begs allah subhanahu wa ta'ala
throughout the year
yeah allah grant me
a righteous husband
then comes the big day
how is this marriage
which we hope to be blessed
started off with
music
free mixing so on and so forth
like
a couple of hours ago i was asked by one
of the relatives
as to whether it is permissible
for a husband to allow his wife to
attend some of these weddings
which have free mixing and so on and so
forth
an evil that is taking place
is it allowed other men are going to be
coming and looking at your wife
even if we said that there's nothing
wrong with it islamically which of
course isn't the case where's your hera
or
your where's your protective jealousy
your wife has gone to the wedding
in order to dress to impress
right
and other men are going to be
gazing at her and you don't have a
problem with that
hey now where's your manhood
so anyways
beg allah subhana wa ya allah
allow me to get married whether you're a
male or a female
then comes the big day
instead of being thankful
to him
you disobey the law
after he showed you what you really
really wanted
it's like somebody who does your favor
and then what you throw it back in his
face
and you throw it back in his face
subhanallah
right
and then you expect
your marriage to be void of problems
brothers and sisters
and what's even worse than that my
brothers and i said we take all of the
sins that take place in this marriage or
in this wedding right on this big day
and we put it on one side of the scale
and we put on the other side of the
scale
taking
a house on mortgage
right
without the shadow of a sigh without a
shadow of a doubt this side will
outweigh the other
do you not realize brothers and sisters
that you have just started a war with
allah
and this is very very what
common in asian communities especially
in the bengali community
right i don't want anybody to take the
offense yesterday it was blessed in the
somalis and messes
and they were like yes you're right
i thought i was going to get chased out
of the mesj
somali missed it they were like yes
you're right
i don't
call out certain cultures to have a go
at them like we're trying to rectify the
situation let's be honest with ourselves
a lot of us are in denial
right
you want the start of this blessed
sacrament
right is this sacrament that sacrament
you want the start of this blessed
sacrament with what with sin
and the worst of sins and then you
expect everything to
to be what smooth
you have just started a war with
elizabeth brothers and sisters
you have indeed started a war with allah
that's the reality brothers and sisters
that's the reality
sometimes i'm solving the problems of
married couples
and i am invited
to their home
allah brothers and sisters it's not
rocket science to understand as to why
so many things are going wrong in this
marriage
just me sitting there i can see 101
things wrong
the sister walks in
as if it's her day of getting married
with the way she's dressed
right hajib
and then the sister starts speaking
about the husband
again
it's not rocket science to understand
why there is what 101 things wrong
right
if you're walking around
the streets of london with the way you
address my sister how do you expect ever
right the situation to become better
how
alarmist
you've heard of
muhammad reason why some of you said if
he's heard about him is because of a
very well known statement
[Music]
this knowledge is your religion
be extra careful
who you take your religion from
and yes
it's a very valid point you need to be
extra careful where you
take your
religion from
however is that the only thing that
is known to have ever said
the moment you mention his name the
first thing that pops to mind is
manhattan related issues
my beloved brothers and sisters
was from the students
i don't think
requires an
introduction the poet he says
in his thousand-line poetry
and then
was thrown into prison
you know
why
because of him
being struck with
a lot of debt
and what normally would happen is
in certain places around the world
you can't pay back they'll chuck you
into prison for some period
anyways that's what happened to muhammad
in syria
why did he have
an increase of debt
as a businessman and those who know know
this right
you won't always buy things outright you
take things on credit so hey
you take your own credit you sell it and
then you pay the
credits are back
after taking the goods you are now the
debtor
you sell it you pay the money back that
you made
from the goods that you bought right of
course you keep your profits and then
however much you bought it for
on that you will pay back so hey you've
got the credit and also the debtor
he bought zoot
oils
after buying the oils
all of a sudden he found
a rat that was stuck inside of this oil
and he had no option except to pour it
out
he had no option
except to pour it out
now he's in trouble brothers and sisters
you've taken these goods on credit
right you think the creditor is going to
just let you off like that like he wants
his money
he wants his money brothers and sisters
was thrown into prison
what do you think muhammad said and done
did he start pointing the gun at
everyone except himself
we as human beings
the way we are is when things go wrong
we are ready to point the finger at
everyone except ourselves are they
we make things up
at times
he could have easily
blamed the one who sold him this youth
could have accused him of listen you
knew what was inside of this youth but
you cheated me you deceived me
however he did not do that
what did he say
i degraded
a man that i came across
30 years ago
what did he say about him
he degraded him for being bankrupt
sometimes he's here
it's his fault why he's bankrupt
he himself is to blame
he probably done x y and zelen because
of that he's suffering from that
sometimes we utter statements like that
right
instead of making dua for that
individual
right
asking allah subhanahu wa ta'ala to
protect us from that we look down at
others
just yesterday i was mentioning this
right
in some communities
very very common
when they see a sister impregnated
outside of wedlock
the whole street starts speaking about
her look at her
and they start making some very very
foul judgments
she made a mistake
she
everyone makes a mistake but then
instead of making dua for her
what happens brother and sisters
they degrade her they speak ill of her
alongside
and before you know it
it comes back to haunt that mother
who's degrading another woman's daughter
and i've witnessed this with my own eyes
brothers and sisters
mothers crying
that their daughters now have gone
astray
right
the exact same thing happened to her
daughter that she was degrading another
form there's a weak narration but the
scholars they mention it in their books
has even become the saying of some
scholars
whoever degrades an individual for a sin
that he committed he won't die until he
commits that very sin
be extra careful brothers this is with
what comes out of your mouth you're
practicing now you come to the message
don't ever walk past an individual
looking down on him
because it could only be a matter of
time before it ends up happening to
you does that make sense and he was
going back to what happened to muhammad
he said i degraded an individual
because of his bankruptcy 30 years ago
and now it happened to me
look how self-critical they were of
themselves when things started going
wrong brothers and sisters
when things start going wrong brothers
and sisters stop pointing the finger at
everyone except yourself
because the examples of this are many
never am i struck with some difficulty
some distress some tightness in the
chest
except it is because of the sin that i
committed
he says so much so that i'm able to
point out the sin that very sin that i
committed
and it might be that i start making
excuses for myself
and then all of a sudden i see the
punishment or things start getting even
more worse
one may have oppressed you brothers and
sisters right
i'm not saying that he gets away with
his oppression
there's a way of dealing with that but
what should you be doing how should you
be reacting to this situation
what is the first step that you should
be taking you should be sitting down
perhaps this is due to a sin that i
committed
i need to make tawba to allah
the moment things start going wrong
he starts retaliating as most people do
however he is not self-critical of
himself
he doesn't even blame himself in any way
shape or form
right
and no this individual is suffering from
a huge calamity
and look what he says
if he now goes back to allah
let me give you all another example
i went through the night
with no issues
right
i had the blessing of being well
it occurred to me that when i wake up in
the morning
i'm going to collect
the mistakes of sufyana thori
put your hand over you've heard of
suffering
what was he known as
who was also an imam in hadith
it occurred to him that when i wake up
in the morning i'm going to collect his
mistakes
playing with the wrong fish
and there was a dog
that never ever barked at me
and i never ever saw this dog
attacking another
or hurting himself or another
to me at the time foreign this is what a
punishment
for and
so i refrain from whatever i wanted to
do at a time
meaning to collect the mistakes of
sufian authority i've given you all two
examples
first example was of muhammad
it came back to haunt him
30 years down the line brothers and
sisters
a sin that he committed it came back to
haunt him 30 years down the line
and these sins that we
do brothers and sisters
especially oppression
right it will come back to haunt us
sooner or later
and our blessings will diminish one
after the other
he says
[Music]
there's never a time when your blessings
are taken away from you except due to
these two things either leaving off a
taqwa
which is to do what allah told you to
stay away from that which allah told you
stay away from
and
also wronging others
being oppressive towards others
so after 30 years i came back to haunt
him that's one example the second
example that i gave it was what
instantly
that he was punished for something that
he
wanted to go into
make sure brothers and sisters we
think about this deeply
and marriage is no different
you've been begging allah azzawajal
right
big day comes you disobey him
and then you think you know what i can
continue disobeying him
without
having to deal with any consequences
when you and your wife are sitting
together watching that filthy movie
right
it might be enjoyable at the time
that's going to come back to haunt you
anything that is blessed on sin anything
are fun
anything that is based on sin
don't expect it to last long
and this is the guy that the principal
david
mentions to us when he says
never does an individual disobey allah
either with something except that allah
azza uses as something to destroy him
to conclude this first point in my time
[Music]
your sins
will take away
the blessings that you have
depending on
what kind of
sin it was in accordance to that you
will have your blessings taken away from
you
all the way up until when he says
some of the salah mentioned
as an up to them
a
i committed a sin i was deprived of
waking up in the last third of the night
for a whole year
another said
for those who might be struggling
with seeking knowledge
as an up to
i committed a sin
and i was what deprived of being able to
understand the quran
and then he quotes
a line of poetry he says
[Music]
it causes your sins to disappear
and then he says
the sins that you carry out brothers and
sisters it is like the fire that you use
to burn your blessings
imagine now brothers and sisters taking
the blessing that you have to the petrol
station you set it on fire would anybody
be
in his right mind do that
[Music]
is eaten up by the fire the logs are
eaten up by the fire
another point that i want to mention
under this brothers and sisters
i initially thought about maybe making
it a separate principle however it could
fall under this one
married couples may be going through
financial difficulties
every other day i'm coming across a case
where an individual
is cheating the government
you guys know what the error means huh
benefit fraud
by the way air is just
benefits and i'm not saying that there's
anything wrong with taking child tax
credit
and also housing
housing benefits
i'm not saying it's hara
the kuffar
may allah guide them
they offer this to us
as long as you meet certain conditions
we'll give you this money no problem
however you have to what
meet these conditions
otherwise you're not entitled to it and
islamically
even at cafe you are not allowed to
cheat them
agreed
ages
i've come across so many
families
i've been cheating the government
for ages
as long as you can think
and it was very very common in the
somali community
very common
agreed
i'm not like you guys don't know
very common
for a very long time what would happen
brothers and sisters
of course the
the wife has to claim that she's what
single
the husband doesn't want to work
so he gets his wife to lie so they can
what
receive extra money from the government
what does allah subhanahu wa ta'ala say
about the husband being the maintainer
of the house
has made the man
the maintainer
of the woman
right
and that is because of what two reasons
simply because allah azzawajal chose him
over the woman
right allah chooses what he wills and he
has chosen to favor the man with this
over the woman
that's allah's choice
the second thing is
and also because they spend on them
the husband wants to sit in the cafe
speaking about politics
while his wife is running around
the money comes through her bank account
and then he says give me money you can
already see there's 101 things wrong
about that
and how a man would feel having to what
lower himself to his wife give me some
money
men tend to be
very egoistic
more than the women don't have been
blasting the women
when i gave them a lecture
about things that are what very specific
to them
now is you guys turn
let's be honest with ourselves
we struggle brothers and sisters to be
pushed around by women
let's be honest here a woman telling you
what to do
abdul rahmani muhammad sit down
stand up go and do this
it moves you right irritates you
thank you
now the finances are coming through her
bank account
and you're like
are you the sufferer
the lower hand please
she says no what are you going to do
with it oh
what happens eventually
problems after problems after problems
why don't you get up on your feet and be
a man
and work
as the messenger salla alive and said
your obligation is to feed her
to cover the essentials to clothe her
that's your responsibility
why do you want to sit at home or a cafe
spend your days there like
in english they have a word for it
i don't want to be using that
or you guys say waste mana
that's exactly what it is isn't it
brothers and sisters let's be honest
he should be manning up and working
being the breadwinner of the house
that's what a man is not sitting around
wasting himself
right
a lot of men
my city that i'm from
masha'allah began to take heed after
they seen problems after problems
i will see them lining up waiting for
one another chipping in
to go to marx and spencer's warehouse
i've never seen anything like that
before all standing up
waiting around they're going to take one
another to marx and spencer's warehouse
and i'm like alhamdulillah finally
because it was a big issue
right
your relationship with allah azzawajal
has a huge role to play
in what kind of relationship you have
with your spouse
is it now beginning to add up brothers
and sisters
cases of the cases what does it
eventually go back to benefit fraud
i've even had mums come up to me and say
please talk to my son he's doing cc
scams
i look at the auntie and i ask her
honest question
and she eventually admits to this right
auntie how are you making money
and as we go back and forth eventually
she says yeah i have to claim that i'm
single in reality she's not
and i say to the auntie are you just
upset just because he's making more
money than you what's the difference
between you and him
you're cheating the government making
extra cash
he's making a lot of money
what's the difference between you and
him
somalis have a saying
wherever the camel goes the children of
the common they go the exact same
direction agreed
so why is it surprising now
why are you upset why do you have an
issue with that
never does an individual disobey allah
azza with something except that allah
will use that to
destroy you with it
or it will have a negative impact on you
and it's had negative impacts on many
families when they try to cheat the
government
i've never personally ever seen
someone who cheats the government that
ended up living a good life
and many of them don't even save much
and even if they do eventually something
happened something will happen to that
money
and if it doesn't directly happen
or anything happens to them it ends up
happening to the kids
and then someone turns around and says
listen we have to do that
there's people who came before you and
they will come after you
right who will suffice themselves with
the little that they have and allah will
put blessing in it
and that's the message
and said you don't leave something for
the sake of allah except allah will
always give you that which is better
live a life with baraka brothers and
sisters
right
a life of doing that which is right
[Music]
so this second point brothers and
sisters was the sins
because of the sin that he commits
again let's be self-critical right you
have a phone it drops on the floor and
it's not switching on again
it's not switching on
you have to now ship out 150 pounds in
order to fix it
maybe it's because of a sin that you
committed just look at it like that
right
haven't we heard time and time again
people saying
oh the reason why they're breaking up is
because there was no barakah in their
wedding due to them splashing the cash
on their wedding day and carrying out
all sorts of sins
sure we've heard that going around
and on the back of our minds right
we think that when we embark on that
journey of getting married
is it going to affect it is it not of
course with that shadow of a doubt it's
going to affect what happens in your
marriage
so what was the first principle
your relationship with allah azzawajal
will go a very long way
and what happens
when you're married to your
loved one
and like i said we need to walk away
with this very very
important statement which is
being
self-critical if you can stick it on
your walls
sha allah you will see
a lot of good things coming your way
the second principle brothers and
sisters
is
stop thinking
that the grass is greener on the other
side
thinking
that the easier option is to run away
from your problems
for my humble analysis brothers and
sisters an evaluation of
many young people who get married
is that the moment things start going
wrong
right they think to themselves you know
what maybe it's easy for me to just run
away
from the situation
that's not the right thing to be doing
brothers and sisters
you need to change this mentality from
now from before you get married
and i've been telling the sisters as
well
right it normally tends to happen
amongst the sisters
and
that is without a shadow of a doubt due
to immaturity
i lived a single life right
i had a lot of time i spent time with my
friends i used to do this i used to do
that
all of a sudden now when he becomes when
he gets married it's like a show it's
like a culture shock for him
i used to do all of that i can't do this
anymore maybe this is best for me to
just leave and shop
as someone who's getting married
brothers and sisters right you want to
fulfill your desires right it's been
tough
especially in the summers
[Music]
the brothers are suffering out there
yes it comes with a lot of perks while
at the same time it comes with
responsibility
right you can't expect to walk into a
marriage
thinking
that everything is going to be like how
it was before
sometimes you hear brother and sister
saying i never signed up for this which
means sign up for this
this is what marriage is
suitable your mindset from this moment
on
you have to make a lot of sacrifices
you have to let go of some of the things
that you love to do because you're
married
pretty straightforward right
and of course brothers and sisters you
all
come across
characteristics and traits
of your wife and vice versa as well
that you don't like that you're not used
to
seeing or interacting with
however
what you need to understand is you both
come from different backgrounds
people weren't all created the same way
if you just look at your hands brothers
and sisters you have five fingers
are they all created the exact same way
no
people are different
right and you have to expect that
even the messenger ali saladin told us
[Music]
the believing man should not hate the
believing woman
agreed
if there is something that he dislikes
there is what
so many other traits and characteristics
that she has that are praiseworthy
don't just focus
on the negatives brothers and sisters
are you promised this is with me
the only place that you're going to find
a perfect woman is where and
hansel where brothers
an agenda
she will always have a deficiency
right
instead of taking this quote in quote
out easy option why don't you make dua
for her in the last third of the night
that allah subhanahu wa tala rectifies
her
have you ever thought about that
there is something that you advised her
about and she keeps doing it she give
make the affair
and vice versa as well
instead of throwing in the towel
and running away from the situation and
then what
get married again
by another sister you think she's going
to be perfect and then you start
comparing her to the first of all well
like she was like that mesquin
you're just going to be jumping from one
person to another
one sister to another
test
you never ever feel at peace
try to make it work
let us talk
don't be hasty
i don't want to go into people's private
lives brothers and sisters but i know a
lot of brothers
they've gone through wars
before eventually
the dust settled
it was not easy
and they considered
a separation
time and time again
but eventually you'll be left
in a situation where the only one that
you can turn to is none other than allah
subhanahu wa ta'ala
it is him
who can change the hearts as the missile
is said
[Music]
between the
fingers of allah subhanahu wa in shannon
make sense for the wills they put it
on the right path
and guide it
if he wants allah azzawajal what
deviated
your brother sisters is with me
also
said about the woman
without a valid reason
then the jannah becomes haram upon her
i'm mentioning this my beloved brothers
and sisters because
who is it that normally
requests for a
separation are you guys scared for
say it they can't hear you
the woman
right it's mainly the woman without the
shadow of a doubt
even the woman's accept that
right
especially at a time when they are
on their monthlies
but they're so much more emotional
so much more emotional let's be real
sisters if they the feminists want to
cancel something and cancel me
right i will i don't mind
there was a video that one time i came
across
and there was a speaker there a male
speaker
in a university hall
and he says something like this and a
woman got upset
she said how can you say that
he said you are the example here look
look at the way you're reacting
this is why
it is not right islamically to divorce a
woman when she's on her
on a menses
it's a type of tala that is bidet
right
you shouldn't be divorcing a woman when
she's on her menses he'll be extra
patient
right you need to weather the stone
as they say
um
it's also something else that i wanted
to mention now
imagine now the three talks
were handed over to the woman
how quickly she would get rid of them
you have them for a reason because
you're meant to be what
more responsible brothers
some individuals who lie it shocks me
like why somebody even would do this
right and the last
marriage problem that i was dealing with
it was because
of one individual
saying i've divorced you three times in
one setting
and there's a bigger among scholars as
to whether this counts as one or counts
as three
and the four great imams of
they all hold the view that account says
three if you see it's a woman now i've
divorced you three times she keeps
saying to you divorce me divorce me
divorce me
and then your ego kicks in
and then you say you know what i'll give
you a three divots here take it
you've now driven yourself in a huge
pickle
can you just take her back now no you
can't until
she what marries another
i'm not just marrying and then divorcing
straightaway
messenger salah says
until the second
taste was the first tasted
meaning it would have to be an intimate
relationship
and then she would have to get divorced
before you can take her back
and then there's children in the
equation
he's so regretful he's crying to me on
the phone i'm such a stupid husband yeah
you are
well i genuinely you are
allah azzawajal handed over these three
talks to you what for you to just throw
around like that
so you have to be extremely
understanding
just look at your friend that you have
right was it always plain sailing was it
always a smooth relationship you came
across certain characteristics and
traits that you didn't like however over
time you got to know one another and
it's going to take time
how many is that
two yeah
number three
stop allowing
the devils from the human beings
to dictate your marriage
you have a good marriage everything
seems to be alhamdulillah going okay
nothing is going to be perfect brothers
and sisters
but it seems to be what
floating positively
some female devil comes along starts
whispering
in the wife's ears
and starts talking to her about how he
could be doing this and how he could be
doing this and that and whatever have
you
and sometimes
this devil is from the male kind
and you begin to talk to your wife not
your wife
you weren't able to find a solution with
your wife but with your friend
you start talking about her
right
and then he starts giving you
some type of advice
where he took that from
probably the shaytan whispered it to him
which he ended up whispering to you
and they say yeah you're right
the brother doesn't even have experience
he has no knowledge and he's never been
married how on earth is he giving advice
to you and you're accepting it
cave
right would you go to a half-baked
doctor brothers and sisters
no you wouldn't
you will go to the one who's most
qualified
likewise
when you need your car fixing who'd you
go to
aji otoza
you're going to do your research
you're going to make sure
that it's a mechanic
that's not going to rip you off
you want to do your research that's the
point behind it
why would you go to some individual who
has no experience never been married and
is giving you marriage advice
and then based on the advice
you start treating your wife a certain
way and he may well be oppressive
brothers and sisters
and he knows also
when you're talking to your friend you
are only giving your side of the story
and he might advise you based on
what you've just told him
and as a human being you tend to be very
biased agreed
especially when you're emotional
how many times brothers and sisters
right
[Music]
did a brother message me saying his wife
is like this and like that and i'm
trying so hard
to block away everything that he's
saying
because as someone who's now going to
sit down between the husband and the
wife right i have to be fair and
unbiased
and when someone now is blabbing in your
ear it could affect your judgment and
i'm saying to aki listen we'll sit there
with her and we'll deal with that
according and he's like she's very
manipulative manipulative
right she has magic in her speech allahu
akbar
and then he calls the hadith
right there's a type of eloquence that
is very magical
i might convince you that this is black
it's white
but because of the way i speak i
convinced that it's black
because of my eloquence
the man speaking speaking and i'm trying
so hard
not to have any preconceived
judgments on this woman that i'm about
to go and visit with him
he's a lion
we go and sit down
i'm telling him how you speak
brother's mumbling and he's saying
the lion has turned into what
a mouse
or into a lioness
i'm telling him speak what's wrong
you've been telling me all of this it
goes
because of course as the message of
sallallahu alaihi wasallam
when two people come to you to seek your
judgment don't pass a judgment until you
hear
and the claimant they go and sit in
front of
the judge
because that will give you a fair
judgment in how to deal with the
situation agreed
there's always two sides to a story
allah brothers and sisters
he was speaking like a lion
now
he's no different to a mouse
running away what does the mouse do the
moment you try to
kill him runs away sir
that's exactly what he's doing running
away
i didn't mean it metaphorically
i meant it as a reality that he's
actually trying to run away going around
the bush round around about seven times
and then he comes back and then it goes
again
and sometimes what vice versa
you need to listen to both sides of the
story
and for you it's not good right you're
telling him something right that is
based off of your own account
and then it gives you advice and based
on that you go and treat your wife the
mesquina who doesn't deserve to be
treated like this
in an oppressive manner
one time
[Music]
it's dangerous
what does the poet say
foreign
says
don't oppress as much as you can
indeed the volume will come back to
haunt you
the oppression will come back to haunt
you
while you are fast asleep
the one who you oppressed
is feeling extremely hurt
is going to make dua against you
right
your eyes are closed but the eyes of
allah subhanahu wa'ta'ala are not
are you with me brothers and sisters
so going back to the point that i was
making
the shayateen of the ins there's not
just shayateen of the jinn
of the ins
if
the shaitaan
can't come directly to you what does he
normally do
for those who attended the lecture
yesterday in north london holloway what
was the sixth point or the sixth trap of
the shaitaan
this was even a trap that the ambiya
couldn't protect themselves with huh
yeah
what was the sixth one
exactly
the shaytan comes through others
just like the shaytan came through the
wife of lut
to irritate him
and the son of noah to irritate nu
the shaytan comes through external
avenues in order to
hinder your self-development or your
relationship with allah subhanahu
wa'ta'ala
are your brothers and sisters with me he
couldn't come directly to you it goes
through someone else now listen to this
hadith
in the message
he places his throne on the water and
then he sends his troops
the closest
the closest soldier to the devil to
iblis
that he brings clothes is the one who
causes the greatest fitnah
one of the soldiers comes back to iblees
and says i've
he says i never left him
till i separated him between
or i separated him from his wife
so he brings him extremely extremely
close
he is the beloved to the iblis
so you have brothers and sisters
iblees and his troops
who don't take a day of work brothers
and sisters full time
they are there to destroy your marriage
more than anything else
right
don't
give yourself a reason
right
by being
your own cause of destruction
allah
be clued up
all these points that i mentioned are
extremely extremely important and it may
well be
what saves your marriage
how many is that so far
three
number four
stop comparing your marriage to others
prophet sallallahu alaihi was telling me
taught
foreign
look at those who are less fortunate
than you look at those who have less
than you
don't look at those who have more
what will that cause you to have
or what will that actually do for you
it will cause you to be
more thankful and appreciative of the
blessings that allah subhanahu wa ta'ala
has showered upon you
make sense brothers and sisters
there are sisters who are comparing
their marriages
to the marriages of individuals
and the reality of the matter is you
don't actually know what's happening in
their private life
right i'm sure a lot of us
came across that scandal
online
he was the ideal husband
according to many
does everybody know what i'm speaking
about
come on brothers
sisters
i think this was the biggest scandal
ever
on instagram
[Music]
everyone thought that it was extremely
extremely
wonderful marriage
he made one happy and then he married
another
right and she's coming out saying oh i
love
being a co-wife
and sisters are saying to the husbands
yeah look
they're jumping up and down on the
bouncy castle why can't you ever do that
with me
i heard it with my owners
look he's taking her out look how happy
they are and then she's what comparing
it to her situation i'm absolutely
miserable
allah brothers and sisters before the
scandal became public information
brothers
brought this to my attention and i was
shocked like that's not something that
you normally see
right on the world wide web
and i said to them at a time
this is many years before that either
one of two things is going to happen in
this kind of situation
and it's happened before right
either all of this is fake
and the reality is going to come out
or
they will be afflicted with ain
with evil eye
and things will start going downhill
brothers and sisters right
allah subhanahu wa ta'ala tells us about
yakub yaakov
and what he instructed
his son yusuf he said
[Music]
he had a dream he was a wonderful one
and he told him don't relate this dream
to your brothers
because they will plot against you
[Music]
they will envy you brothers and sisters
and he's saying
don't relate this dream to your brothers
right and because of them hearing
something
you might go through all of these
problems how about the person now
who flashes all of the blessings that he
has on instagram
imagine that brothers and sisters
why would somebody in their right mind
do that
a private life is a happy life
hold on to your blessings and don't
flash it
on the world wide web
right
something very important also that i
wanted to mention
no
brothers and sisters take this from me
right
you know when you sit in the prophet
salallahu
you see a lot of things happening i
spend a lot of time
sitting
in the prophet sallallahu alaihi
wasallam's message
and i would always see people walking
past
time and time again
i seen individuals were lied they looked
miserable
you could see on their face they looked
right he takes out his phone
puts it up like that snapchat
records a little clip
and then the brother looks miserable
straight after that one time i looked at
him and even he felt extremely
embarrassed
what you see on the world wide web on
instagram posts on twitter it may only
well be
what a moment
the 24 hours
throughout the days
a moment
where they put on a face and then what
you start
using that
to maybe have a go at a spouse
how often have i seen it how often
right
even with a lot of these kuffar couples
even a lot with these kuffar couples
you only hear about their separation
when it happens
so
but every separation every divorce that
takes place
there are problems problems problems
that build up then eventually
they separate
is there ever a relationship where the
brother just wakes up one day and says
you know what you're devos
and there was nothing prior to that
very very rare
it could be that after he's afflicted
with an evil eye or jin possession
whatever he just starts acting
indifferently but it's very rare that
someone behaves like that agreed
not so long ago one brother
was talking to me about the current
affairs
and the kuffar and the depression and
whatever have you and then he used
shakira and gerard pk as an example
they recently went through a divorce or
a separation or something along the
lines of that
did anyone know that
they were going through difficult times
all the way up until they actually
separated from one another and it became
public information
prior to that they were
probably still posting pictures and
videos of themselves all happy together
imagine now an individual
using this
as a blueprint for his marriage
so what was this next point that i just
that we just mentioned
stop comparing your marriages to others
especially to my sisters who are
listening right you might go through an
argument or some arguments or a lot of
arguments
and then you begin to compare it to
those who may
be in a better position and you remember
there are sisters
who are being abused physically
not that i'm trying to say that you
settle for less you have every right now
to address the situation with him
right and if you feel like that things
are
not taking a
turn for the better
involve a third party
right
told us
if you now begin to notice
discord between the husband and the wife
then bring out
a representative from his side
representative from her side
as a last resort you feel like this is
going nowhere let's try it still sorting
out but look what then allah says
and this part is very very important
if they intend rectification they both
want something
or something good to come out of this
situation they have the intention of
wanting to rectify it allah azzawajal
will give them to feel
the intention goes a very long way here
brothers
sisters
however if she's already made a decision
right and everything that happens after
that everyone's just wasting their time
don't expect any good to come out of
this
number six
or is it number five
five
the constant tit for that
and holding on to
past mistakes and flaws
if you are somebody like that
you'll never ever move on
and i want to share the statement of
multi macro shared so many other
statements about the affo
forgiveness and pardoning and so on and
so forth
overlooking
indeed there are sins
between you and allah subscribe
you and forgives you
then be someone who pardons others
foreign
because what goes around comes around
you will be rewarded with how you are
with others
if every mistake that happens brothers
and sisters you hold on to it
right and you don't let go
the people will never ever be able to
get on with one another
there has to be a level of
overlooking the mistakes of the other
person
right of course there are issues that
might really irritate you that you have
to address
however every time the other person made
a mistake
right
you picked up on it and you addressed it
and then again and then again how many
mistakes do we do on a day-to-day basis
so you have to what learn to forgive and
forget
right
especially when things become extremely
sour
and i've been in these kind of sittings
right
the lady
in this marriage is bringing up
problems from 20 years ago
if you want a divorce just say i want a
divorce
i don't want to be part of this
relationship
i just don't love him anymore i don't
want to continue
right if you want to walk away walk away
with what with dignity
will shower each one with his
provision
right
they will be given their share of
everybody will move on however
most cases that you come across
it doesn't end
smoothly
she will try to tarnish his image or he
might try to do so
as much as he or she can
right
and this oppression brothers and sisters
will come back to haunt you
walk away with dignity
calmly type
i don't want to go ahead with this or i
don't want to continue with this halas
why does all of that baggage still need
to be
thrown into the equation
right
how this point is brothers and sisters
learn to overlook
you have sins that are between you and
allah and you love for this to be
overlooked
you love for this to be overlooked then
do the same
and don't bring up things that what
the other done maybe 20 years ago
hoping hoping that when you come on yo
we know that there are going to be
individuals that we were told about in
the
sunnah of the messenger
all of their sins will be what listed
one by one
and there will be those
whose sins will be overlooked sahih
perhaps maybe we treat the ibad
in this manner
that would happen to you as well
number six
learn to have good thoughts of one
another
the arabs they have a saying
every individual looks at the other
with the lens of
the kind of individual he is
you know the thief
right he's a thief so he's a pickpocket
he looks at everybody like that
he's walking around paranoid maybe he's
taking a day off today right he takes
his family
they go sightseeing
but he's
right because he's so used to doing evil
things
he's bound to become someone with evil
assumptions
right
have good thoughts of your husband and
you need to have good thoughts of your
wife
otherwise
the evil thoughts my brothers and my
sisters
it will only lead to one thing and that
is
separation
take that from me
this is a sickness
that an individual may have
allah has a sickness
he goes outside of the house he's
thinking to herself where has he gone
what is he doing who is he looking at
right he's probably had a long day at
work it comes back on the last thing
that a man wants
after a long day
for a long day's work
it's for his sister to start not his
sister
his wife to stop policing him
and you never know brothers i said
sisters is a slip of a tongue right
lgbt is perfectly moral now right
would it be surprising to us that incest
now becomes moral as well
lgbtq
and being a homosexual
was something that was
considered immoral
many many years ago
but then now it became morally
acceptable
incest it's not far far fetched
tomorrow a brother and a sister they
decide to marry one another
or a law is passed
that you cannot prevent
your 10 year old daughter
okay
going off with a 30 year old man
for those who attended the
know exactly what i'm referring to
yesterday
should be available tomorrow it's an
interview that i watched
brothers and sisters
i have a man saying i think his name was
todd nicholson
saying we are non-offending pedophiles
because the argument they bring today is
what love is love right
love is love love is love
type isn't this love is love
if a brother turns around tomorrow he
says i love my sister same argument
or there's none offending pedophile
right it says
love is love we are attracted
and the man actually said this we are
attracted to
young people
and he's trying to say when somebody
sees someone that he's attracted to he
doesn't automatically think that i want
to have sexual intimacy with them we are
the same
we might see them we're attracted to
them but doesn't actually mean
that
i mean the point that i was making was
what was the point i was making
um husband and wife
having good thoughts of one another
right
he says
whoever makes it a habit to give the
people the benefit of the doubt
and he has a good source of them
you know what will happen sally mcniel
this person will be at peace
right he will have pure intentions
and also
his heart will become
rectified the scholars they say
if we don't take anything away from
having good thoughts of the people other
than the fact that you are able to go to
sleep
at peace it would be enough of a benefit
and if that the only negative to having
bad thoughts of others was
that when you go to sleep you go to
sleep with a heavy heart it will be
sufficient
a six right
what's the final one
allah says in the quran
don't forget the good times
that you had with your spouse
this is a principle brothers and sisters
i came across a study and a lawyer was
quoted he said
you can save
a failing marriage
how the lawyer says
and he reveals
how to dodge divorce
and fall in love
over and over again
he says
by reminiscing
about the good times
and accepting that everybody changes
you know what i sometimes say to sisters
specifically
who are asking for out they want to
leave
the relationship
sit down take a pen and paper
and start writing down all the good
things about your husband and then also
write down the bad things about your
husband
cut the paper into half
right down
let's see which one outweighs the other
when her
emotions
diminishes
right
and her uncle has come back
and she starts writing down
all of the good things
see which one outweighs the other
and also a good way brothers and sisters
to find out what she really thinks about
is to go through all of her messages
that she sent to you
you're this you're that you're this your
dad and then send her the screenshots of
that
you really want to divorce me
because every other day she's talking
about the good things because when
things are nice
she talks with reality
the moment goes wrong shaytan
the righteous man becomes the biggest
devil
the righteous man becomes the
biggest devil
and it's sad to say my beloved brothers
and sisters
the majority of those in the hellfire
are who
[Music]
huh
prophet salallahu said
throughout the whole year
and then she sees one thing
she will say i never ever saw anything
good from you
is what a negation
which is what
and you start evaluating her speech you
might find yourself in a bit of a pickle
there's also principle that we learn
that if
an indefinite is preceded by a negation
that it means general
it means generality
right but you can't they you know they
don't mean it
you know they don't mean it never
laughing
i never saw anything good for me
she doesn't mean it however this
dangerous statement
is maybe the reason why
she's thrown into the hellfire
subhanallah
prophet salallahu
we just believe in allah
as in
what ungrateful to the husband if he was
to be good to her throughout the whole
year she said one thing
she will say i never saw anything good
from you
you know i always looked at the hadith
of the prophet he was suddenly made me
one the cave how
and he said
in the regulated
and because of the single word when he
does utter it right doesn't give him
much concern he's thrown into the
hellfire for 70 years
and then you take this hadith you put
into context with one another it begins
to make sense
it begins to make a lot of sense
so you as a husband when you hear her
saying this stop trying to evaluate it
you know she doesn't mean it just be
patient okay keep it moving
right this is when you
blur out your also that you learned
and your arabic language
so don't forget the good moments
then brothers and sisters to conclude i
have written down
some points that are specific for the
men
and one point that is specific for the
woman
there's no equal rights here
first point that i've written down is
being nice to your wife is not a
weakness
it isn't being whipped
sometimes you tell
the brothers around you look i need to
take my wife out oh
huh
stop making jokes like that
a lot of people make jokes like that and
it makes you feel a certain way
right
and then what your masculinity starts
coming out what was that word that
[Music]
what's that word
we mentioned yesterday in a restaurant
toxic
toxic masculinity
yesterday some of our brothers they
taught me some new english words
alpha male 1
[Laughter]
and then toxic masculinity first time
i've heard some of these terms
you start praying on what
a hard version of you in front of
your friends
everything has this time
right
it is not a weakness to be nice to your
wife
messenger ali wasn't was nice to his
wife right
wasn't he nice to his wife
right he used to race with his wife
i have a notes page on my iphone
you know what i called it
the different romantic times of the
prophet
maybe one day we'll do a lecture
and i think it's very very much needed
and some of the cultures that we come
from right you never ever see
the husband ever showing love to his
wife
she's always the one taking the kids
bringing them back then going back again
and then coming back
he comes home he expects his food on the
table eats
goes upstairs and sleeps man
right
how are the children ever going to learn
what romance actually is the right form
of romance the shariah doesn't go
against romance
also is very very important brothers and
sisters is
right
the love that is given to the children
if you're not loving to your wife
then you're never going to be loving to
your daughters ever
right
you need to tell your daughter that
she's beautiful brothers
and sisters
and as a responsible sibling there must
be times that you tell your sister that
she's beautiful
right saying good things to her
if you don't trust me there will come a
guy who will say all of these nice words
and she will be what blown away
tell them that you love them
tell them that they look beautiful
right so when she does end up hearing it
from some ajnaby or some guy at school
she won't feel moved by it
right
it's not a weakness just tell
your female siblings that they look
beautiful and that you love them and
especially your wife
especially if you have a wife that's
coming out on social media
flashing herself someone can easily what
slip into her
private messages and he says something
that he compliments her and she doesn't
hear that at home
make sense
number two
stop expecting the wife
to fund your lifestyle
this whole 50 50 stuff brothers and
sisters that's from the kuffar
even if she's a multi-millionaire she
still doesn't have to
cover the expenses
are your brothers and sisters with me
it's not a must
it is not a must fire to pay a single
penny and sometimes i use this card to
bring
non-muslim women closer to al-islam
they become extremely shocked
really
it's been 50-50
all my life
right this is all we've ever known
she doesn't need to pay a single penny
number three brothers
be the bigger man
thinking that you're a tough man right
by
maybe getting physical with your
wife
this is not the right way about it
how should you deal with a situation
when
she's just letting off on you
should you what stop fighting her huh
should you be physically abusive
should that really be the case
because now your masculinity is on the
line
or your ego has been what
touched
there is a narration
whether it is authentic
was being shouted by his wife
and there was a man listening
right and then after he said how how are
you letting your wife speak to you like
that
it was like my wife does
the cooking she washes my clothes she
does all of this stuff
and they tend to be so much more
emotional
why is
who can tell me
excellent
there's a number of benefits that we can
take from this incident one time
was lying down in the masjid
and of course they didn't have carpets
in that time
and all of the dust the soil started
coming onto his
clothes
right and i missing salah ali with some
swami says
stand up oh father of the soil
right
try to diffuse the situation
right it's easier for you to defuse it
than her
exit from the house
and this is where he went to cool down
right
it may well be that you need what fresh
air
messenger
right told us that the only way you can
what extinguish the fire is with water
and the way to extinguish your anger is
what by making aldo
and when you go outside it has a similar
effect
like the water it cools you down
that make sense
right exit and then leave
there's another benefit that i mentioned
to the sisters today
pertaining to this hadith
that really stood out for me
this is also a proof
that even amongst the best of people
your marriage is not always going to be
what perfect
they went through
problems so don't expect
your marriage to be what
void of problems
how many have i missed
how many have i mentioned of the
brothers
three will only mention one of the
sisters
and perhaps this will outweigh the other
three when you put it on the scale
the one piece of advice that i have for
my sisters is your tongue
your tongue
and your tongue
and we've already mentioned how
the majority of those in the health fire
as per scripture
the feminists want to counsel me they
can counsel me
allah i don't mind
this is per scripture
it's because of what they utter with
their tongues
right
he mentions that
if a woman now has a sharp tongue
right
her days with her husband
are
numbered her days with her husband are
numbered
because of this time
right
he said in hadith
so
if a woman in our praise have five daily
prayers
and she also worked for us
in the month of ramadan we're happy that
and she saved god's her private parts
well
i struggled to find the hadith my
sisters of this kind
that you just do what these four things
in hearts you've been
pretty simple sisters right
and also i want to point out the fact
that we are seeing being dutiful to your
husband
because of this feminist movement
they've empowered the women right
they've empowered them made them feel
like
being dutiful to your husband is you
showing a weakness
so many sisters that have come across
they enter into a marriage with this
kind of mindset
they enter into marriage with this kind
of mindset if i'm nice to him or if i
show
me being dutiful then it's going to take
advantage of me why
where did you take this from because of
experiences
amongst maybe
her father and her mother or others that
she's come across and also what the
feminists
have been feeding her wherever she goes
how is that fair that you treat him now
in a very harsh and rough manner some
scheme brother
simply because of
these experiences that you have come
across
remember my sisters
when you are dutiful to your husband you
are being dutiful to
allah you are fulfilling an instruction
a commandment
[Music]
if you look at it like that right
look how your mindset will change
right they also try to make you feel
like
bringing up kids
huh is something that is negative
right he needs to be looking after you
financially he'll take care of
everything
you bring out the next generation
is there anything greater than that
[Music]
subhanallah
you're teaching your kids you're
learning yourself and then teaching them
and then they're going to be teaching
others
they're going to be the next crop of
ulama
and this will always be on your scale of
good deeds
come from
right his name is brothers and sisters
but he was known as
hypnotamia
even his grandfather took the name
tamiya she was a woman brothers
and sisters
a righteous one who used to give
reminders and teach the people
the whole family of men
were ascribed back to her
subhanallah
she had a big effect on them
look how
the feminists have criminalized staying
at home right
think about your ah more than anything
you could die tomorrow and you could
have been chasing what
what did i say
chasing a profession
huh
how is the word that i normally use
a career that's the one
chasing a career not that i'm saying
okay that maybe a woman working is
something
i'm not saying it's haram as long as the
environment is you know correct and it's
an islamic one and so on and so forth
does that make sense brothers and
sisters
but there's nothing better than teaching
your children and then teaching others
and the reward then continues in your
in your grief
and to conclude
one time
i mentioned this he said
one should stay away from
one two three four
five
six
six kinds of women
the first one is called
this is the type of woman that always
complains
tell me brothers i've got you i told the
sisters this is one inshallah they'll be
avoiding it and they'll be spreading it
huh
first one is a nurner this is the woman
that always complains always complains
always complains
no matter how
many things you do for her she's always
complaining
never is enough enough
number two alma nana
this is the woman that always brings
about favors she's maybe done something
for husband remind x y and z
she's always bringing up the favors
number three
brothers and sisters is a woman
right
a woman that reminisces over her
ex-husband
right
she misses him and she makes that
apparent
oh he was like this and you never do
this
go to him then
this is the woman that doesn't lower her
gaze
from the worldly pleasures that she
comes in contact with and everything
that she sees
she says i want that
may allah help your pockets if you come
across a woman like that
right and she enforces that upon her
husband
by this by that by this by that
there was a joke in saudi arabia amongst
the western students
they said if you marry this woman
from this particular country
you will have to go to the mall every
week
and everyone starts laughing
i don't want to mention the actual
country
but because they come from that kind of
background and it's the norm amongst
them
won't be able to deal with that
student of knowledge can marry the woman
that wants him
to take her to the mall every week
also it's very important brother says
that you take into consideration the
lifestyle that our wife comes from
and she's extremely rich
and she's always had
right luxury in her life and you have
some mesquite parliament you plan to
move into
a one-bedroom council flat
might not always be suitable and you're
only going to suffer
deen is not the only thing that's taken
into consideration
right
yes that should be the determining
factor however the scholars they discuss
the issue of what the careful
suitability and their books are
and it shouldn't just be overlooked oh
she's got dean and because of that she's
just not used to it she's been used to a
maid all her life and now
you're gonna tell her get in the kitchen
and then do this and then do that and
she's never been used to it right
so inquiring about her background can
save you a lot of headache
how many is that
four
then you have al baraka
it is the woman that spends her days
right
a whole day time
[Music]
is how what just putting on makeup and
beautifying herself
and she's no longer
artificial
no no artificial is
yeah
she becomes someone who's what
artificial
extremely unnatural
no further comment why mashadaka
the last one brothers and sisters is the
woman who just speaks all the time
about things that are not beneficial
speak speak speak speak speaks
does that make sense that was the advice
of a shaykh
that's not me voicing and expressing my
own opinions
so the feminists want to have a go at
anybody go refute shakib and you'll find
him on youtube inshallah
if you'd like to get more information
about when the next event is going to be
the location time place date click the
link below and join the telegram group
that will take you to a group where we
have all the information about all of
our live events i wanted to give those
of you who are not able to make it an
opportunity to participate in the
and that is that inshallah if you would
like to contribute towards the expenses
of these events we don't charge anyone
to attend
but we do have a lot of expenses food
what not the giveaways that attract the
people to come in and whatever have you
as you can see it brings in the youth
the youngsters the ones who you know we
really need to reach out to them and get
them in the masjid who knows someone may
come to them and should completely
change their life and of course allah is
the primary reason for that but the
liberalization might have made you a
means for that person or those people to
change so donate as generously as you
can the link below and insha'allah
please come and attend so hopefully we
see you there
salaam alaikum peace